Fix documentation issue #11084 (#11112)
firebase/flutterfire: docs/cloud-messaging/topic-messaging.md

To unsubscribe, call `unsubscribeFromTopic()` with the topic name.

> `subscribeToTopic()` is not supported on the web clients. To learn how to manage subscriptions for web users, visit: [official Firebase documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/js/topic-messaging)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`subscribeToTopic()` and `unsubscribeFromTopic()` are not supported on the web clients. To learn how to manage subscriptions for web users, visit: [official Firebase documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/js/topic-messaging)
```

Reviewer: @kevinthecheung - could you let me know if this is acceptable update? thanks.

> `subscribeToTopic()` is not supported on the web clients. To learn how to manage subscriptions for web users, visit: [official Firebase documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/js/topic-messaging)

Author: Sorry. I have linked it in the format you have mentioned.

> 
>       
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: I have applied the suggestion.
